Add a Deals link in the header, place it next to Pricing. Inside deals, make the link /van-nuys-accelerated-flight-school-deals-coupons, as well as make all the header and footer links have some strong seo keywords that include van-nuys-accelerated-flight-school for seo purposes.

for the deals link, show the default pricing and block pricing for 10 hrs. but include a Coupon, Discovery flight $20 off. First 5 flights which includes any hours flown, aircraft rental $155/hr and instructor rate $30/hr.

then explain that we have lower pricing but high quality, because we have passion for what we do, and that almost all other schools charge higher not because of quality at all, in fact most, if not all the time, the higher the pricer the lower the quality, as the school and instructor's higher rate gives a false sense that quality exists when in reality it doesn't. We charge a fair price and offer high quality because we want our students to return and pass.

for the home page. add

What Kind of Pilot Do You Want to Become? above the "Private Pilot
Your foundational pilot certificate to fly single-engine aircraft for personal travel, recreation, and carrying passengers.

Learn More
Instrument Rating
Learn to fly with more flexibility by using aircraft instrum..." etc

I want to fly for fun, be able to say I am a pilot, purchase and fly my own plane, and carry friends or family with me as a pilot.
Underneath add the Private pilot, and Instrument Rating Addon which we add the word Addon after Instrument Rating. We do this to say its an addon, and we say it lets you fly using only aircarft instruments in challenging weather like low visibility, fog, low cloud ceilings, precipitation, and sharpens and hones your skill as a pilot, and ensures you are not stuck unable to fly to a destination or return from a destination due to weather.

The next is "I want to fly as a career" Then we add Commercial Pilot and CFI

The final one is "I want to fly as a career in the airlines" and we put Airline transport pilots license.

In the Aircraft page, we add, other aircraft coming soon. Upon demand we will have further Piper PA28 Cherokees, Cessna 172